Improvements to template documentation (#23)
Automattic/stream-builder: docs/TemplateFiles.md

## The End

> As you can see, stream-builder template files are extremely powerful. We can do very elaborate combinations of streams just using the various, built-in stream-builder classes.

Reviewer: slight edit to make sure we're using `StreamBuilder` consistently as the name:

```suggestion
As you can see, StreamBuilder template files are extremely powerful. We can do very elaborate combinations of streams just using the various, built-in StreamBuilder classes.
```
